Since graduating from Cornell with a degree in mathematical physics two 
years ago I've been working at a global Investment Bank in Technology and
Automations.

The time has come where the learning curve/ fulfillment of working at an
investment bank has begun to flatten out and aspirations towards new
positions have taken their place.

More specifically, originally a novice, I've learned much more about the landscape of the
financial industry over the last two years and have ultimately decided that a
move to the buy side, towards a much more quantitatively driven role, is much
more suited towards my personality and overall career objectives.

It's occurred to me that a substantial project that could
potentially demonstrate my work ethic, merit, and desire to advance would be to
build my own algorithmic trading platform.

This is not the sole purpose of this project however; anything worth
investing serious time into should purport an array of benefits. Each time I've
completed an automation I've learned many valuable skills/knowledge sets 
pertaining to finance and technology that have helped me grow and succeed. 
Furthermore not only would a custom built algorithmic trading platform be a 
testament to my seriousness to advance to grad schools but also would most 
likely be a great project to tout to hedge funds and prop shops. After all the
end goal of going to grad school would be to land a quality position at one of
these firms.

Lastly, as anyone who's ever worked on any modest software project before knows,
there is no such thing as building something then completely being done with
it. As my career in finance grows I intend to maintain, update, and implement
new trading strategies I come across/research. In fact, in talks with friends
from college/academia and industry, it's not uncommon to confer about one day
starting a prop trading shop with the expertise each one of us bring to the
table. From Finance Industry experience, two PhD's in computer science
(Distributed Systems and PL), a PhD in Applied Mathematics, two traders at a
top quant hedge fund based in Chicago, and several others with experience in the
industry elsewhere, we have a committed group of people I'd consider extremely
intelligent that could one day band together to do some real damage, I mean
bring about efficiency, in the marketplace.

For all these reasons and for how my situation has evolved in time, I believe it
is a worthwhile idea to build and support this algorithmic trading platform.
